The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody and welcome to my brother my brother mean advice show for the modern era.
I'm your oldest brother Justin McElroy. I'm your middle brother Travis McElroy.
I'm your sweet baby brother Griffin McElroy. Exciting news boys.
Oh god, they're finally doing it. Yeah, they're making a movie about Batman.
I have heard about this. Yeah, so he's like a he's like a cop, right? Do you know?
He wears a silly costume and I can't I can't make heads or tails of this fucking guy.
He's kind of an amateur detective, right? Right. Because he doesn't he's not sanctioned
by anyone. So he kind of is taking the law into his own hands. But here's the thing.
I thought that's what the law was doing already. It's weird. Yeah, it's confused.
It's like confusing. Right. And add on to that, he dresses up as a whimsical character.
I assume for merchandising reasons. That's crass. That's cynical, Travis.
Might just be copyright. I don't know. But they're making a movie about him.
There's a guy asking some questions. Can you give me an example of the questions
you would ask a Batman? Well, he's just kind of like, who are you, Batman?
And he's like, I can't tell you. That's the whole point. That's why I wear the mask.
Hey, it's not fair that you don't that you don't use your real name.
I agree. You know, he's looking for Harvey Dent. He knows Harvey Dent's name.
He knows Harvey Dent's name, but people aren't like, what's your name? And he's never like,
John or whatever his name. I don't know that guy's name.
Yeah. I also, here's the other thing that is weird. And maybe I'm not understanding this.
He doesn't use his real name, I guess, to protect those he loves,
but he also doesn't seem to love anybody.
Then just call yourself John Richards or whatever. I don't know the man's name.
I don't know what he's protecting. Do you think that Batman would have
the same weight if he were like, why won't you reveal your secret identity?
And he actually had to save the straight face to protect my butler.
Yeah, right? I don't want it.
I have a really nice house. Oh, he's wealthy.
I have a nice house and a cool butler, and I don't want either of them to get messed up.
I'm worried that people will throw eggs at my house.
What's he got? He's got like strong bones or like hover jets or-
He's got good brain. Oh.
Yeah, he's got a real good brain and he's got some cash on hand.
He's got a lot of liquid assets. Don't you think criminals would be like
even more intimidated if they knew that even if they beat the Batman up in a fight,
he could still buy their grandma's house and knock it down?
Or at the very least, he probably has access to high-powered lawyers, you know?
Yeah. Oh, the Joker beat up the Batman again,
and now Batman is suing him. Wait a minute, wait a minute.
And he's going to put him in jail for damages, for his negligence.
Now, hold on. You're telling me this guy knows the Joker?
Oh, well- From the movie The Joker with Joaquin Phoenix?
They know each other in passing. They have a certain familiarity with one another.
I wouldn't say they're intimate. I'm reeled in, man.
I'm all in. Now I'm in.
You remember in The Joker, remember a couple times he met the little kid dressed up like a bat?
Yeah. Well, he doesn't grow out of it like
everybody in the movie says he's going to. He just sticks with it.
He sticks with the whole bit. This is a spinoff.
Yes. It's a spinoff of The Joker.
Maybe, I don't know, a spinoff, a sequel? They're going to make a sequel to The Joker,
right? It seems inevitable.
They got to and made a billion dollars.
Can I give you guys a- I'm going to give you guys a pitch.
Okay. Jokers.
Oh, huh.
And so he just makes other ones by biting them. He finds common criminals, bites them,
turns them into Jokers, creates an army of Jokers.
Isn't this one of the games? I think this is a Batman Arkham game.
Still no Batman. No, no, no.
There's no Batman. He just makes more and more Jokers and they get more and more powerful.
Then if they- Let me ask you a question, Justin.
Just to punch it up a little bit and add a little bit of that griffin's zest and spice
to the pilots you're always whipping up, is if those Jokers bite other people,
do they then also become Jokers?
Uh-huh. Yes, you're getting it. That's a little bit you're getting into act three.
I did want to reserve some of this for our pitch meetings, but yes, that is-
We could do like, and we may be touching a live wire right here,
but it could have a little bit of like coronavirus commentary.
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Hey, can we punch up a little?
Can I punch up a little bit? Can I just do a little punch up?
Wait, I just want to stick with this coronavirus. No, no, I'm going with it.
The masks have big smiley faces on them.
Okay, what if the ending is that now he sees the evil he's created
and he turns good to fight the other Jokers?
No, no, no, no.
And okay, so maybe he and Spider-Man team up and they fight carnage together.
Can you stop saying dumb shit? What if the Joker turns into Batman?
Shit, that is good.
The Joker turns into Batman at the end of Jokers and it's like,
this is where I came from. I have to set right what went wrong.
And then Alfred turns into Joker in the past.
That's what's the hardest is Batman's got a steak outfit.
Yeah, but it's a time loop thing and it's a whole thing.
And it turns out Alfred is like, you're selling it.
Turns out Alfred's biting people and turning them into butlers,
which is peculiar.
Hey, can I, hold on, let me just step out of the bit for a second.
Who is Zack Snyder and why should I care so much about this man's cut?
I will admit to not watching any of the DC superhero movies,
since I did see Man of Steel after drinking two mimosas
and promptly fell asleep for one and one half hours in a movie theater.
I fell asleep after drinking too much booze in Man of Steel 2.
It's a fantastic experience, bad film,
and from what I can tell, the rest of them have been quite bad too.
So as I could tell, Zack Snyder is either the writer, director, maker of some of these films,
and people really think he could be a good actor.
People really think he got the shaft on his cut,
which I guess means the edit or there's extra bonus scenes with Superman,
but he's bad, I don't know, man.
I can explain it to you.
Please, but do keep it short.
I feel like a voice box for our audience and I only barely give a shit about this.
I can explain it in like 30 seconds.
You know how everyone walks out of every movie saying,
the problem with that movie was it was too short and that's why it wasn't good.
And I would like that movie more if it was like an hour and 20 minutes longer?
Yeah.
That's the Snyder cut.
It's almost three hours long.
Fuck yeah, baby, that's what I want.
Yes.
And they added in unfinished scenes that they spent 30 million dollars to finish.
Okay, okay.
All right, why didn't they finish on the first go around, Zack?
That seems like you fucked up, pal.
Yeah, the assumption with the Zack Snyder cut, and I can sort of boil it down for you.
Please.
The assumption being made by the fan base of the Snyder cut
is that a man who has not made a good film since 2004's Dawn of the Dead
did actually secretly make a good film and Joss Whedon messed it up.
That Joss Whedon-
Against all odds,
inspirationally, had not managed to make a good film for 15 years, but did do it.
And then it was taken away from him for being too good?
I am by the fucking dollhouse guy.
The point is that Joss Whedon fucked it up real bad.
Fucked up the work of the director of the Legends of the Guardians, the Owls of Ga'Hoole.
Yes.
It's that the visionary behind Sucker Punch would have nailed it,
but instead Joss Whedon, Zack Snyder had to step down because of, I believe, a death in the family.
But then Joss Whedon came in and fucked it up real bad.
Right.
And so then Zack Snyder came back in and re-injected an hour and 20 minutes
about into the movie and now it's great.
Okay, all I needed was that Owls of Ga'Hoole.
That was really the codex that unlocked this entire sort of mystery for me.
So now I'm fully pumped and I've got my digital reservation ready to go on my Roku.
Should we do some questions?
I'd love that.
This is an advice show.
Obviously.
There is a Snyder cut of this episode.
Yeah.
Which is a joke that would have been funnier three months ago.
Indeed.
And not a joke.
My boyfriend's birthday is coming up
and he has previously requested a specific hat from a TV show he likes.
Just say Jane's hat from Firefly.
Just say it.
The problem is we live together because of the global pandemic.
We're always together.
How can I make him a hat without noticing Secret Knitter?
Okay, it is Jane's hat.
Yes, it is.
Absolutely.
100%.
Can you guys think of another notable TV hat?
Knitted.
Especially knit.
Another notable knitted TV hat, except for Castle's beret from Castle.
Well, obviously.
That's obviously out.
There's the NCIS thinking hat.
Yeah, that's true.
And that's the one that they, when they're having a really tough time
with the murder mystery or whatever on NCIS,
then the one, the lady who wears a sort of Gothic aesthetic
goes into the box where they keep the NCIS thinking hat.
And they call it that.
And there's the one that Lucifer wears in Lucifer.
And it's like a knitted Viking helmet that he puts on every time he has sex.
And he calls it my sexy time Viking hat, which isn't good.
It's not a good, but it's like three times an episode it comes up.
He's, okay.
Now, Joe Mantegna in the hit series, Criminal Minds,
every once in a while he says, bring me the Criminal Mind hat.
And that's how he gets into the criminal's head.
It's a sort of a, how would you, it looks like kind of a beer,
one of the beer drinking hats, but it's completely knitted.
So that could be the hat they're dealing with.
And you know how in The Good Doctor he asked for his hat,
but it's just kind of like a mask that makes him look like the anonymous guy,
makes him look like Guy Fawkes, but it's knitted.
Yeah, that show got really hacker-y.
Yeah, it turned really hacker-y.
It's a big focus on hackers.
Yeah, it was weird.
Well, there's the Justice hat from Knight Court.
Of course, of course.
How can you knit in private a secret knitting?
Wow, you really couldn't have picked-
On the turlet.
On the turlet, that's high stakes, isn't it?
Knitting is a very-
You're gonna have to, yeah.
The problem with this is, if you haven't-
What happened?
What the fuck just happened to you?
Well, I was thinking about knitting on the turlet,
and then I thought, flipped your microphone upside down.
Yeah, then I thought, what happens if your boyfriend knows
that you're kind of a fast bathroom-er, right?
And now you're in there for like 20 minutes at a time?
You're gonna have to develop a condition.
Whoa, sorry, NBC just referenced our meme.
That's so strange.
What?
The NBC Twitter account just tweeted,
we are very uncomfortable with the energy
we've created in the studio today,
which is a TikTok meme from the My Bim Bam TV show.
That's so weird.
Whoa.
Fucking-
Sorry, that-
Sorry, everybody, that really derailed us, but like-
Well, let's talk about that.
Well, let's talk about this.
Let's speak on this.
The other thing we were doing wasn't interesting.
Let's speak on this, NBC.
Let's speak on it, yeah.
Hey, so we've interrupted the knitting question.
Do it on the toilet.
Travis got it in one.
NBC has just tweeted, we are very comfortable
with the energy we've created in the studio today.
And then a link to a video about office.
Right, so they take it and they've turned it.
They're comfortable.
What is it?
This is a TikTok meme from the hit series.
Now, okay, here's the weird fucking Ouroboros
that I do not even know that NBC knows
that they have bit into.
They have referenced a TikTok based on a TV show.
That they unknowingly accidentally made.
That they secretly own-
They own that meme.
Oh, that's good shit.
And they have once again bit into the McElroy apple
with the work we are doing with them
on a Taz animated series on Peacock,
which is definitely coloring every word
of what I've been saying for the past couple of minutes.
And that's why I'm a big fan of this.
A big fan of this.
I love to see that NBC is kind of one
of the weirdest relationships in entertainment,
I think, us and the NBC brand.
Wouldn't you say that that is true?
Yes, but good in a weird way.
When NBC picked up Brooklyn Nine-Nine
because they were like, Mike sure belongs here.
This is Mike sure's home.
That's kind of like us,
but it's like they keep finding us in the attic
and they're like, I guess this is the McElroy's home.
Did we not get rid of the McElroy?
I thought we got-
No, they're still?
Okay, cool, great, great, great.
Yeah, we are.
We're the salamander under the couch.
You thought you saw it run out the front,
but was actually in the vent the whole time.
Yeah.
They're back.
Let's try to make a cartoon of them, I guess.
Yes.
Can you knit together the hat in small quadrants?
Like you knit a sixteenth of the hat
and he's like, what is that?
And you say a coaster, right?
Mm-hmm.
And then you can knit those 16 pieces together
to make the hat.
And then you can kind of divide up the work
and it's never completely obvious
what it is that you're making.
Oh, but that takes so much-
And also during the interim,
in the interim, you have so many coasters.
But then you got to really line that up.
That's going to take a lot of precision
because if you do it in like 16 pieces
and even the scale is slightly off on some of them,
oh boy, it's going to look silly.
You got to do it all sort of separate.
Oh, you know what you could do?
You know how sometimes businesses will ship
things separately from internationally
to try to skirt tariffs?
Yeah.
They do like tariff engineering
by dismantling something into separate components.
We all know that.
And importing those before they're assembled.
That's basically what you could do with this hat.
Just leave different sections of it
lying around the house.
And oh, that was just like a scrap project I did.
And then one furious night,
you assemble all of the pre-knitted pieces.
I also, for the record, do not know how knitting works.
I should have established that earlier.
Fish like candy to my soul.
Didn't we just do it?
Fish you rock and fish you roll.
It feels like we just did it.
Lost for you and I'm so lost for fish.
David.
And you come fish into me.
Did you change the name of the segment, David?
And I fish into you.
We fucking get it, Dave Matthews, man.
Let's start the quiz.
Hi, it's me, your host,
the host of Under the Table in Fishing,
America's number one game show
about Dave Matthews Band and fish.
Sorry, right now, are you Travis or Dave Matthews?
No, I'm Travis now.
You can tell because I sound like Travis.
And I'm Dave Matthews.
I'm the co-host.
Oh, thank you for having me again.
This is my court ordered community service.
No, okay, Foghorn Leghorn Matthews.
Where am I from?
Nobody knows.
Under the Table and Fryin'.
Ah, very good.
Travis, do you want to tell them about the twist this week?
Yes, thank you, Dave.
In this week's Under the Table in Fishing,
as always, I will be reading you lyrics
from Dave Matthews Band and fish.
And you'll be trying to guess who did what.
But this week, there will also be one lyric
by the band 311 thrown in there.
You stinker.
And you'll have to identify that.
I don't want to make it too easy for you
or the folks at home.
Let's go.
Okay, don't let it get away.
And if we did, we're gonna get it back.
And in time, you and me, we will, we will, we will,
we will be over and again and again.
Ah, Jesus Christ.
Fish, I'm gonna say fish.
I'm gonna, this will be a wild move on your part,
but I'm gonna start out guessing 311.
No, I'm sorry, that is Dave Matthews Band.
How did we both fuck that up?
The Dave Matthews Experience.
Okay, next, coconuts and chloroform,
some liquor and some cork, toxic waste,
some purple paste, she hopes was not explosive.
Fish.
That is fish, that is reba.
Yeah, by fish.
I need to start identifying something as fish or not fish.
I think it's the introduction of Dave Matthews Band
that is messing me up in my head
because the fish ones are pretty obvious.
I need to just start there and work backwards.
Okay, you're there, I'm here, let's dance, my dear.
What's your name?
How do you do?
What's the game?
Hallelujah.
Dave Matthews Band?
I'm gonna say 311.
That is Dave Matthews Band.
Nice job, Griffin.
That girl is you.
Yes, this is Dave Matthews again.
What I realized helping Travis put together this quiz,
my lyrics are dumb.
Now, don't say, Dave could be listening.
Dave could be listening.
I'm right here.
A lot of people like Dave Matthews Band.
You're fuckin' self-included.
Okay.
Tell me you've never looked at ants differently.
I do, man, don't get me wrong.
I guess they are marching.
Folks at home, I love Dave Matthews Band.
I don't, but every time I do get indigestion,
Rachel does get very annoyed that I instantly just go,
I eat too much, just to let her know I have eaten too much.
Don't you rob yourself of what you're feeling.
Don't you rob yourself of all that you could be.
Roll hard till midnight, roll till it's light.
Fish.
Now hold on, that's interesting.
Is that one 311?
No, that one is Dave Matthews Band.
Shut the fuck up.
They're so right.
This is so hard.
Griffin is one up.
Where is the Joker?
Have you seen him around with his three-coned crap?
Excuse me, his three-coned cap that he wears like a clown?
Batman.
Well, that's not one of the options, Justin.
Weirdly, am I saying Batman?
No.
Fish.
God, it feels like fish, but I think it's one of those trick fish.
This is 311 writing in the mode of fish as a pastiche.
In their fish period.
Two fish.
It is fish.
Two up for Griffin.
Or it could be 311 writing so well.
It could be fair.
I don't know who wrote these songs for fish.
It's possible 311 wrote it for fish.
Right.
This is our cover of the 311 song.
We are the band Fish.
Let us begin our concert.
Sweetly, in every way that you treat me.
A fish story, but you know that it's picture perfect.
Our morning glory every time that we wake.
The morning ride is the longest ride.
Take it.
Now, you said the word fish in there to try and catch us up, didn't you?
I can't answer that.
I don't.
Fish has written some truly rough lyrics in the past.
I do not think that they would do that.
I also didn't get a Dave vibe from that.
So I'm going to actually I'm going to put 311.
I'm going to put 311.
That is 311.
Yes.
That is no 311.
We got 311 in the fucking dragnet.
Okay, I'm building you a pyramid with limestone blocks so large.
I drag them from the mountaintop.
You'll need a two car garage.
That feels Dave Matthew.
Fuck.
Can you read it again?
That's really hard.
Yes.
I'm building you a pyramid with limestone blocks so large.
I drag them from the mountaintop.
You'll need a two car garage.
See, that doesn't feel like Dave to me.
And there's no more 311, right?
You can give me that guarantee.
That's fish then.
I agree with Griff.
That is fish.
Okay, one more.
One more.
Yes.
Okay.
Oh, hold tight, because the road can be a crazy ride.
And I know we're going to be all right, because you are here with me.
Dave.
That is Dave Matthews.
Well done, boys.
Well done.
I feel really weird about how good I did.
Yeah.
Yeah, I think you won the last time too, Griffin.
Yeah, he won the last time.
Well.
I like this bit, because I've finally found something I'm good at.
Why are you so good at Under the Table and Fishing?
I don't know.
I don't really like any of the bands involved.
Can I do a Yahoo?
Yes.
I'd love that.
Thank you.
This one was sent in by Aaron.
Thank you, Aaron.
It's anonymous Yahoo Answers user, who I'm going to call.
Well, somebody responded to it, and their name is Deadpool, which is fucking cool and funny.
So Deadpool asks.
I'm going to kick Deadpool's ass.
Do you remember that?
One time we were at a hotel, and there was a conference going on, and someone was like
on like the 10th floor looking out the window, and they saw someone cosplaying as Deadpool,
and just said, half to themselves, I'm going to kick Deadpool's ass.
Yeah, it was at Comic-Con, and there were so many people there, and it's like,
we're on the 10th floor of the hotel.
How are you going to get down there and find that Deadpool again?
And why?
That specific Deadpool.
There's other Deadpools at Comic-Con.
There's 50,000 fucking Deadpools here.
How are you going to find that?
What did that one Deadpool do to you?
Is that the real Deadpool and your Deadpool's enemy?
Whose name I don't know.
Anyway, where's the Deadpool?
The Zack Snyder Deadpool cut?
Uh, Deadpool asks.
Just when I thought cowboy culture was dead, it only seems to be growing.
Agree slash disagree.
Growing up, my friends were ashamed of their cowboy parents.
Hey son, you want me to come in to career day?
No, dad.
No, please.
I can do some of my lasso tricks.
No, mom's shit.
Come on.
Now, growing up, my friends were ashamed of their cowboy parents.
They refused to dress cowboy-ish and made comments like,
I hate country music.
But now they are older, most of them with families.
I noticed now they changed and have accepted the cowboy lifestyle.
They now dress in cowboy clothes and listen to country music.
Have you noticed this?
Or is this just something that happened in my city?
That's from Deadpool.
No, it's definitely all over.
I've seen that all over.
You get these punk kids.
Yeah, when they're 18, they're getting tatted up and pierced all over.
But then by 36, it's bolo ties, baby.
They're wearing Stetsons.
They're wearing some dance boots.
Getting close with the Lord.
Getting close with the Lord and enjoying country music.
Little Carrie Underwood.
I bet they enjoy.
And they do not like it when you take their cows.
And they're like, I burned that cow's skin.
I put a hot piece of metal on that cow.
It's mine, but I see it on your lawn, Dave.
And you're like, well, it wandered over here.
Me and my family's gonna eat that cow later.
And you took him.
So now I have to get you.
And now do you want some of these beings in the meantime
that I've been cooking over this open fire?
That's huge now.
Holy shit.
Like, let's put jokes away for a second.
Teens are cooking beans on campfires.
Yeah, right?
Teens on beans.
They're called teen beans.
And they're full of protein and actually really good on the glycemic index.
So that I love.
I saw on Facebook, though, that it was leading to a lot of injuries and kids.
So fucked it.
I think it fucking sucks that, like, beans come up organically.
And you know what a big part beans play in my life.
And I've probably got a lot of good bean material saved up.
And the fact that you would just trample me like that is extremely hurtful.
He's the beans man.
He's the beans man, Travis.
I'm sorry I trampled your beans.
I just have so many great insights about beans.
Yeah.
Okay, see, I was taking it like a Tide Pod way.
It's like eating a thousand tiny loaves of bread.
Really?
See, Travis, let's just sit in it for a second
and let Justin sort of dump his beans wisdom.
I'd love to sit in some beans.
Remember that time I told Patch Adams my dream was to sit in a swimming pool full of beans?
Yeah.
Why did you do that?
Because I'm nasty.
You asked us if you should do that.
And we said, no, you know what's going to happen.
He's going to make you sit in beans.
And then you're going to get in and you're going to instantly realize,
oh, I don't like this.
And he's going to make you stay in it till you're better.
I know for 100% fact two things.
One, our audience has never seen the film Patch Adams.
Two, we have definitely talked about the scene at Patch Adams
where he allows an old woman her life's goal of sitting in a vat full of noodles.
This is true.
These two things.
And I know a third thing.
I have a new joke about it.
Okay.
How long did that old lady?
Do you think after five minutes she was like,
I know this probably took a long time to engineer,
but I'd like very much to get out of the noodles now if that would be okay.
I think if she made it five minutes,
that's the triumph of the human spirit.
Because I would get in and be like, there's not a lot to do now.
Okay.
And now what do I do?
Yeah.
What's next for me?
One time I went into like a resale shop to look for furniture for the theater I was working at.
And they had a bunch of TV set up for sale.
And like you do at like a lot of electronic stores,
they had like a movie playing on it.
And the movie they were playing on it was Patch Adams.
And it was such an interesting choice to me because they were like,
you know, it's going to get people really hyped to buy these TVs.
It's going to really show the top quality of these TVs
and get people energized Patch Adams.
And so there was just a row of 20 televisions all showing Patch Adams.
One time I was in the waiting room while my oil was getting changed
and they were showing Hancock.
Nice.
There's not anything else I have to say about that.
It's a badass flick.
I enjoyed it.
Superheroes.
But he's not good.
He's not nice.
We've also talked about Hancock before.
So let's maybe-
We've talked about everything before though.
We can't just stop.
I haven't talked about cowboy culture.
And I knew, listen, I wasn't ashamed of our cowboy parents.
I thought they were putting in honest work to raise their family.
You know what I appreciated?
Dad's best friend was his horse.
And people have asked us time and time again,
what's the deal with you guys and horses?
And that's really it.
There was Uncle Honey and he was around all the time.
And we loved that guy.
And sometimes Dad let him babysit or take the car out when he had big plans.
The horse?
Yeah.
We knew growing up, and this was fine with us,
we knew that if you asked our dad to list his great loves of his life,
we would be three, mom would be two,
the open prairie at dawn would be number one.
Absolutely.
That's our dad's heart.
Our dad's heart is in that wide open trail.
And the promise of fortune and misfortune that is imbued within.
And do you guys remember when Dad retired from being a sheriff
and moved to that town because he wanted to make some money,
not in the gold trade,
but rather selling equipment to people in the gold trade.
But the town was so lawless that he was forced to take up the badge again
and become the law in that town.
And I respected that.
Yeah, I did.
I understood it too, for sure.
Fucking hated Bad Moustache Man, though.
You remember when Dad had to fight Bad Moustache Man to keep his city safe?
He made six cool friends and they were magnificent.
And I've run out of cowboy references.
I did, yeah.
Do you remember when Dad played for the Dallas Cowboys?
But then he broke his shoulder, had to retire.
Remember when our dad played Cowboy Curtis?
Yeah.
Yeah, do you remember when our dad was a young male cow?
Gosh, okay.
So what do we want to do?
You guys want to do another question?
You want to go to the money?
What are y'all feeling right now?
That was such a good MoneyZone handoff, and you've botched it.
You have dropped the ball, just like our dad did in Super Bowl XXXVI.
Okay, okay.
Remember when our dad got really good at Bebop?
Okay, all right, listen.
No, shut up.
Shut up.
Our dad works at a drugstore now.
It's a very different lifestyle.
Okay, now we are going to go there, the MoneyZone.
It's more important than ever to use the postal service.
There, I said it.
Support the postal service.
And you can do that without even you leaving your home by using Stamps.com.
With Stamps.com, you can print postage on demand and avoid going to the post office.
Stamps.com also offers UPS services with discounts up to 62% and no residential surcharges.
Simply use your computer to print official US postage 24-7 for any letter, any package,
any class of mail, anywhere you want to send it.
Once your mail is ready, just leave it for your mail carrier,
maybe with a little note that says,
thank you so much, we couldn't do this without you.
Schedule a pickup or drop it in a mailbox.
It's that simple.
And with Stamps.com, you get great discounts too.
Five cents off every stamp and up to 60% off USPS and UPS shipping rates.
Right now, our listeners get a special offer that includes a four-week trial,
plus free postage and a digital scale without any long-term commitment.
Just go to Stamps.com,
click on the microphone at the top of the homepage,
and type in my brother, all one word.
That's Stamps.com, enter my brother, all one word.
You gotta brush the teeth.
Yep.
They get dirty when you eat food.
And that's unavoidable.
There's no way, there's no such thing as clean food.
It's all gonna get on there.
It's all gonna stain them and get them filthy, filthy.
And it's not just, it's not just when you eat food,
sometimes you're on a motorbike and you just have your mouth open.
You get bugs in there.
Or you trip while you're on a farm and you land on a big puddle of hog shit.
Whatever the situation,
Quip has this amazing smart electric toothbrush
that can teach you good habits like brushing your teeth correctly
for the right amount of time.
And for the right reasons.
For the correct reasons.
I'm just sick of all these sellouts out there
brushing their teeth just to get ads on their shows.
I brush my teeth for the right reasons, Quip.
Well, Quip has another good reason for you to do it.
They have this new smart brush for adults and kids,
and it connects to this Quip app on your fricking phone.
And it measures how good a brusher you are,
and you get points, and you can redeem those points for rewards,
like free products, gift cards, and discounts from Quip and partners.
I'm sorry, that's the right reason.
I'm gonna do that now.
I've changed my mind.
This is the right reason.
It's a very strong, it's a powerful idea from Quip.
Innovators in the space.
Fuck yes.
Feel like you're going to Chuck E. Cheese every time you brush your teeth.
It's amazing.
You can get a brush, you can get a brush head,
toothpaste, and floss refills delivered from five bucks,
and you can start getting rewarded for brushing your teeth today
by going to getquip.com slash my brother right now
to get your first refill free.
That's your first refill free at getquip.com slash my brother.
That's G-E-T-Q-U-I-P.com slash my brother.
Quip.
Better oral health made simple and rewarding.
Shmanners.
Noun.
Definition.
Rules of etiquette designed not to judge others,
but rather to guide ourselves through everyday social situations.
Hello, internet.
I'm your husband, host Travis McElroy.
And I'm your wife, host Teresa McElroy.
Every week on Shmanners, we take a look at a topic
that has to do with society or manners.
We talk about the history of it.
We take a look at how it applies to everyday life.
And we take some of your questions.
And sometimes we do a biography about a really cool person
that had an impact on how we view etiquette.
So join us every Friday and listen to Shmanners on maximumfun.org
or wherever podcasts are found.
Manners shmanners, get it?
Dun-dun-dun-dun-dun-dun.
Munch.
Dun-dun-dun-dun-dun-dun-dun-dun-dun-dun.
Oh.
Oh, no.
Dun-dun-dun-dun-dun-dun-dun-dun.
I wanna munch.
Squad?
Welcome to Munch Squad.
It's a somber podcast within a podcast dedicated
to the latest and greatest in brand eating.
And today we're saying goodbye to some friends.
I have three different stories for you all about saying goodbye.
Oh, no.
And I think in these times it's important to embrace change,
but it's also very important to take a look back and say,
this is where we were, this is who we were,
this is what we were.
The first and most notable, and this one is gonna be
kind of a harder Munch Squad,
because it's not a lot of jokes in this one.
We're gonna send jokes.
Jokes can kind of press the air up against the door
in case it hears something really important,
but for the most part, I just wanna take a moment
to say goodbye, because on August 13th,
Taco Bell trimmed their menu at stores across the country.
And we said goodbye to 12 really great items, Trav.
Can I make one joke?
Well, let's see.
It's weird to me that Taco Bell would have to cut their items
when they are all made from the same five basic ingredients.
That's cruel.
I heard you out though.
So they're streamlining as a result of COVID-19.
I mean, today's calamities and casualties
are all COVID-19 related.
So they're streamlining their menu.
A lot of restaurants have done this.
You can't get a fucking grilled chicken sandwich
at McDonald's to save your life,
even if you're the kind of boy that just eats
the loose breast of chicken to get him through the day.
It's not available to you anymore.
Taco Bell is following suit.
We're gonna say goodbye to some friends
in the grilled steak soft taco.
No!
The seven layer burrito.
What?
The quesarito.
The quesarito, which is weirdly still available
via the app for order ahead.
So I guess it's kind of like,
if you want a quesara, you've got to let us know.
We gotta go into the closet.
We got a high shelf.
We gotta get some stuff off of.
Nacho Supreme.
Whoa!
This is the category.
This is where it really starts to hurt for me
because the beefy Fritos burrito is like my fucking shit,
along with the loaded grillers.
Both of which are now gone.
Wow.
No spicy tostada.
No triple layer nachos.
Potatoes, they don't have them anymore.
What?
Spicy potato soft taco, gone.
Chips and dips, out.
Cheesy fiesta potatoes, gone.
So I just wanna say, this one really stings.
A lot of my road dogs are in that list
and I'm gonna miss those boys
and all the different things they did to my body.
So rest in peace, my friends.
You know, I hope to see you back again someday.
You never know.
Let's take a trip over to Belgium.
Let's fly this sad funeral plane over to Belgium
where we're gonna say goodbye to just basic human dignity.
Burger King in Belgium is offering to print customers orders
on face masks so they can avoid mask mumbling.
Huh.
So they can avoid mask mumbling.
They will print.
How do they get the orders?
250 of just ride or die Burger King fans over there
are gonna get their order printed on a face mask
that they can wear into Burger King at this point.
In the biggest boldest steps we've taken
towards the WALL-E future yet,
you'll just be able to point at your mask
to get your food slurry shaped in whatever form you want it.
What this assumes is that every employee at these-
It's assuming a fucking lot.
I don't know how you're winnowing it down.
But that every employee at every Belgian Burger King
will know about this with only 250 of them being made
so that when one person for the first time
and maybe only time ever walks into one location
and just points at their own face mask,
they'll be like, ah, of course.
Of course I know what that means.
Got it.
It also assumes that you will get the exact same thing
every time you go to Burger King or is it dry erase?
What's happening?
The last one is rough.
Kentucky Fried Chicken KFC to its friends
is, it's saying goodbye, it's a finger licking good.
No.
Well, because of-
Oh, I see.
I want to say a huge thank you to Justin,
not me, to a different Justin for sending this my way.
But of course, yes, KFC has now on today,
as we recorded this year of our Lord,
and perhaps the day you're listening to it,
August 24th, year of our Lord and a nominee, 2020.
Today, KFC was like, hey, are we still saying finger licking good?
People shouldn't do that, right?
I mean, I will raise the point that
if you're eating the chicken, the damage is done.
Right.
And fomite transmission on surfaces
does not seem to be a huge vector for infection,
but that's not a good slogan.
That's a very long slogan, actually.
So Catherine Tangillespie, Global Chief Marketing Officer at KFC,
said in a statement, we find ourselves in a unique situation
having an iconic slogan that doesn't quite fit
in the current environment.
This is, of course, a problem shared by a lot of different chains.
You know, Whataburger has their longtime slogan,
jam that virus inside me.
And they have had to suspend that, of course.
Mickey D's had to change their Lickie D's.
But now they're Mickey D's, yeah.
While we are pausing the use of its finger licking good-
We're pausing it.
It's on hiatus.
It's just on hiatus until the day that,
I assume the day the vaccine is made widely available.
You will know, this is the reverse canary in the coal mine.
You will know that the danger has passed
because the kernel will proudly announce
that you can once more lick your fingers.
And there will be a global balloon drop.
It'll be the first one of its kind.
While we are pausing the use of its finger licking good,
rest assured the food craved by so many people
around the world isn't changing one bit.
It would actually be patently insane if they were like,
this food's too fucking good.
It's, everybody's licking their fingers
because it's so damn delicious.
We have to fix, we have to fix it.
Just wash your hands before you eat the chicken.
Oh, Steve, I see you got some KFC for lunch.
How is it?
I mean, it's good, it's fine.
I left my fingers filthy though.
I washed my hands, which is weird.
It just said, during a year when the pandemic
has upended businesses and lives around the globe,
use of the slogan quote, doesn't feel quite right.
It is August 20 fucking fourth, okay?
April, May, June, July, we're five months
and change into this.
And they've just now been like, no one lick your fingers.
All right, that sucks, man.
Yeah, it's tough times all around,
but you know, you do what you can.
Let's do another question.
Is there a way to make exercise feel good?
Lots of people claim exercise feels good,
but I find it actually feels bad when our muscles hurt.
It's hard to breathe.
Are my endorphins broken?
Am I permanently messed up from being the slowest kid
in elementary school gym class?
Or is there some way I can convince myself
that exercise for its own sake,
is it basically a form of punishment?
And that's from peeves and pushups in Pasadena.
If exercise felt good, I'd be doing it right now.
Yeah, for sure.
Yep, exercise does not feel good.
This is a lie.
If exercise felt good, we'd all be carved.
We'd all have our beach bodies right, 24 hours a day.
If exercise felt good, we'd all be shredded wheat.
You know what I mean?
We'd all be amazing.
But the thing is, it feels good.
I think the idea of it makes you feel good,
but the actual practice of it hurts your body.
It hurts your body to jump up and down
and lift things that are heavy for no reason.
That one's gonna make the old muscles and body
and bones and tissue and organs hurt.
I think that exercise felt good.
It doesn't feel good though.
Like in retrospect, you can get to the end of a run
and be all sweaty, but then the sweat goes away
and you're like, man, that felt good.
No, that's just your body thanking you
for not running anymore.
Right.
And even then, it will feel bad again later
when you sit down for too long and go to stand up
and your legs are like, fuck you,
you've used me all up today, check in again.
Again, tomorrow.
I have a friend who did a big run
with lots of other people, and his nipples were gone.
And it's like, I wanna ask him in that moment
as he crosses the finish line
and they dump milk on him or whatever,
like, how do you feel?
Because I bet you right then, actually, you know what?
10 feet before the finish line, how do you feel?
Maybe the middle of the marathon,
because when you're 10 feet from the finish line,
you're probably like, oh God, it's almost over.
Halfway through when you could take or leave it
and your nipples are already gone,
I bet you don't feel good.
I bet this exercise feels quite bad in the moment.
There's a point in there where your nipples begin to chafe
and you think, I'm gonna keep going.
And that, for me, is where the disconnect occurs.
Because I would be thinking, oh, my feet are tired
and my legs already kind of hurt.
Wait, my nipples are hurting?
I'm pretty sure they're not doing anything right now.
This is clearly wrong.
I'm going to go to a doctor.
The time when I bet it would feel good
is when I was like 18, 19, 20.
Yes, absolutely.
That's just more of the good.
Your body, when you're young, is filled with good juice.
Yes.
If you exercise, it triggers your muscles
to release more good juice
that just makes them feel good and go forever.
You hit a point, I believe it's 28,
where your body's like, that's all the juice I have.
There's no more good juice production.
So if you exercise now, you're just using up
what little juice you have left.
Correct.
And I think that's where I'm at now.
Now, I went for a walk with my dogs yesterday
and noticed about three hours later, my arms hurt.
And that's when it's like my body was like,
I don't know what other signals I can send you, my dude,
that we are not outdoor kids.
You and me, buddy, we're chair friends.
Yeah, I got gamer hands.
Yeah?
That's tough, that's tough.
And the problem is people look at me
and they think Travis is a big strong boy
who can do anything.
Oh no, oh no.
And they'll ask me, hey, can you run this marathon
for charity or I need a big strong man
to lift this car off of this person
who's trapped underneath it.
And I'm like, oh no, this is all for show.
Yeah, it's decorative meat.
Yeah, this is for showing, not for going.
You know what I mean?
I can't lift that car off of your loved one.
I'm sorry, but I can take a picture of it
and put it on Instagram.
I have been having to wear a carpal tunnel brace
on my wrist because I messed my body up
because I'm old and I tried to start woodworking
in my late 30s and my body's like, that's too much.
You can't squeeze that drill for that long.
And now my body is so ruined by the carpal tunnel
that I can't even game and that's rough.
Can you imagine, dude?
Nah, dude, I can't even.
Unless I want to do Connect.
Oh, that's nice.
Yeah, I guess I could do that.
You could just dance with the kids, you know?
No, I can't dance.
No, my body's riddled with pain.
I can't.
It's hard to sleep in.
It's a large brace.
And I thought you meant in your body.
It's hard to sleep in my body.
It ain't easy.
Thank you, Mr. Ill.
Appreciate it.
Anyway, getting old is bad.
Yesterday I was reading in my woodworking magazine
and there was an ad for very small oxygen tanks
that let you keep woodworking even if you need one of those.
And I fucking spiraled so bad I had to lay down the floor.
This is not, I'm not in any way joking.
There's a man with a very tiny oxygen tank
fucking doing some carving in his shop.
First off, I still don't think that's a great idea.
But secondly, I just fucking laid down and spiraled.
I was in a bad state.
Um, hey, can I do a yahoo?
Wait, I forgot that I have a great new segment for you guys.
Okay.
So I know I already did the one about fast food,
but that one's over.
We've all seen it coming for some time.
We've been sunsetting it.
It's in its twilight.
I have been getting wood magazine
and wood magazine has pack-in advertisements.
All right.
And I just wanted to share with you guys
as a member of the wood magazine target demographic,
some of the products that are coming my way.
Okay.
First off is, it's a huge ad
for advanced digital hearing aid technology,
which is now rechargeable.
It's about how a Chicago doctor shook up
hearing aid industry with his newest invention.
It's a very good, it's very good hearing aid.
Seems great.
Here's one.
This is good.
Celebrate your team in style.
And it's a decanter and four small glasses
with my favorite football team, the logo.
And then the stopper on the decanter
is a little glass football helmet.
Justin, when did you retire?
The crystal glasses and decanter are rimmed
with gleaming 12 karat gold for beauty and years of use.
So this is-
So these advertisements are not necessarily
for woodworking supplies.
It's for exactly the demographic of woodworking magazines.
For example, here's a model,
a let Coke refresh you behind the wheel
of a daring Bel Air.
This is an exclusive Hamilton debut
of a small scale model of a one to 18 scale,
11 inch long Coca-Cola car.
It's a Chevrolet Bel Air with Coca-Cola graphics on it.
Beautiful.
Huh, beautiful.
And just three payments of 33.33
and then you could own this fucking Bel Air
with Coke logos all over for a hundred dollars.
Justin, does every advertisement begin with,
you're reading a woodworking magazine.
So we assume you've got disposable income.
We assume you're burning it.
You're old and ready to blow it all.
You don't want to leave anything to your ungrateful kids.
So check out this decanter
with your favorite sports team on it.
Now in that same price range,
limited to 95 casting days,
skillfully handcrafted and painted by hand,
this all new collectible pays tribute to Budweiser,
the king of beers and the classic Woody wagon.
For just a hundred dollars,
I can have a small car with Budweiser written on it
and it looks like a wagon and it's 11 inches long
and I can buy it for a hundred dollars.
It's a Studebaker Woody wagon.
Say that?
Studebaker, you say it, funny guy.
Vintage slogans and graphics complete its classic look
and you can just buy that and you can own this small.
You see these things and you're like, how did these,
you see these things second, right?
At secondary places and you're like, that's a weird item.
How did this get,
what was the primary entrance of this item
into the ecosystem, you know what I'm saying?
Somebody must have called Budweiser enough times
and said like, hey, do you guys sell models of your,
I mean, you see this kind of stuff at a secondhand store
and you're like, that's fucking weird.
But you don't stop to consider
how it made its primary entrance into earth.
And this is how they're getting in,
it's through the Bradford Exchange.
I have one more Bradford Exchange piece, I think.
Can I also just say real quick,
this is a slight tangent,
but you mentioning Budweiser,
it suddenly clicked for me,
a really good spokesperson for Budweiser
would be Paul Reiser.
And like, just say like, I'm Paul Reiser for Budweiser.
And that's just made me really happy.
That kicks ass, Travis.
That was cool, dude.
Spirit of the West Express Silver Edition.
You can celebrate the 100th anniversary
of the Indian head nickel
with this real working electric train collection.
What?
Are you fucking kidding me with this?
Here's some things it said.
Oh, I did want to tell you, by the way,
on the Budweiser thing,
it has this big star emblazoned on it
and written in there.
It says, officially licensed by Anheuser-Busch.
It'd be pretty fucking crazy if it wasn't, huh?
If they're just like,
hey, we're just making a Budweiser car,
what do we care?
With the Bradford Exchange, you can't touch us.
Can't touch us.
You know who we are.
So there's this, imagine a person who's like,
I did want to mark the centennial of this great nickel,
so I'm going to buy a silver train
to mark this exciting occasion.
It's an electric train,
and you get some pieces of track
need to run your train,
and it's got a nickel replica on the front,
and it's made of silver,
and it's, let's see, three easy payments of 26.66,
and then you get other cars for more money.
Minted for only 26 years,
that seems like a long time.
I feel like you could make a lot of nickels in there.
Considering the Budweiser car only has 95 casting days,
I have to say, 26 years is a very long time.
I've never made a nickel before,
and I think I could make a lot of nickels in 26 years.
I bet you could.
What's great about that is that train sitting on a shelf
would be the best way, like,
it's like a prime example of a thing
that like an adult kid would walk into
and see on a parent's shelf and think,
fuck you, Dad.
I remember, Dad, when you told me
you wouldn't help me buy my first car
because I had to learn to be responsible with money.
Fuck you, Dad.
Now you're just blowing $100.
Think of all the times in your life
you didn't have $100,
and now you have $100 to buy a Budweiser truck
that you won't let your grandkids play with,
because I know you.
On this silver train set,
it says that you pay the $26.66 for three easy payments,
then you keep getting the fucking trains,
and then it said you could cancel any time.
What?
And the idea that you would change
from a person that would want this
to a person that wouldn't want this
at this point in your life is unfathomable to me.
I'm assuming the only cancellations
are usually part of a state settlement.
I have to imagine that is the only actual cancellation
of this product that ever occurs.
Why am I still getting this?
Oh, wow.
Thank you so much for listening to our program,
my brother, my brother, me.
We hope you have enjoyed yourself.
Hey, will you get our podcasting book?
It's right over there.
Can you just hand it to me?
I know we make this look easy,
but it's actually quite a challenge
and we could teach you how we do it.
It's called Everybody Has a Pocket.
Is it everyone?
I can never remember.
I came up with the name and I still don't remember.
Everybody has a podcast except you
and it's coming out in January,
but you can pre-order it now.
So please do that at wherever fine books are sold.
I wanted to say the last like 72 hours
have been pretty sort of horrifying,
nationally speaking.
And I would encourage everybody
to find some way to chip in to help
both with the California wildfires.
There's no shortage of places that you can donate to
or mutual aid funds that you can support
for specific communities affected by the wildfires
and also finding ways to support Black Lives Matter
and the Milwaukee Freedom Fund
who's working with protesters
over Jacob Blake's shooting,
which is fucking infuriating in Kenosha.
Yeah, we'll have links in the episode description.
And yeah, think about helping out with that
because shit is super rough right now.
Along those same lines,
make sure that you are registered to vote.
There was a lot of voter registration purging over time
and if you change addresses, anything like that,
it's really easy to check.
Don't wait on it because we're probably going to need
to do a lot of early and mail-in
and absentee ballots
and that is going to probably be a fucking mess.
Fucking shitty, fucking sucks shit.
So make sure that you're registered now.
If not, get registered and then vote against Donald Trump.
Yeah, also thanks to John Roderick
and the Longwinter Sheaths for a theme song
and to departure off the album,
Putting the Days to Bed.
And thank you for listening.
Thanks Maximum Fun for having us on the network
and let's take it to the bridge.
By which I mean the conclusion.
Let's do it.
This final Yahoo was sent in by Adrian Cowles.
Thank you Adrian, Yahoo Answers user.
Anonymous Deadpool also asked this one,
very irreverent and very funny.
And he kicks ass and he asks,
is the TMNT movie from 1990 significant?
And the answer is Justin.
The answer is Justin.
I'm Travis McElroy.
Yeah, I'm Griffin McElroy.
Sorry, that question has me on a journey.
This has been my brother,
my brother may kiss your dad's square on the lips.
Maximum fun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Audience supported.